# Exercise Program
#### Video demo: https://youtu.be/TahNt620CYE
#### Description:   A gym program creator, which allows for ordering by day, deletion and checking off of exercsies which have been done. The app is made for myself, to allow me a quick and easy way to create an exercise program on my phone whilst at the gym, which is visually appealing and easy to read, i used to use an excel spreadsheet which was very tedious to use as i would have to zoom in and out to access the information i want, and made it very hard to edit, which is a big plus to the way i have designed this web app. The program creation is larger and front and centre because that where all the parts of the program take time to do are located. ticking off exercises is simple and done with one button. I employed the usage of local storage to ensure that the exercsie program stays between multiple gym sessions, and allows for individuals to decide do different exercises on different days if they so please. I actually have used the program at the gym and i loved how easy it was to use so for all the hours i spent on it feels alot more worth it. The html is quite simple, and was qutie quick to write where i just have a singular form for adding exercises, and a few labels to select the day. More so then anything the part of the project which was chaellnging was the css, it was quite hard and took a long time to figure out how to use css, because we didnt learn much about it during the course. i challenged myself to not use any add-ons like bootstrap and did it all in vanilla css which made it take alot longer but also allowed me more freedom. I also decided to write in javascript as that is common for web programming which was also a learning curve due to it not being covered much in the course. My web app is not very complex, and this is by design, i didnt want to burn myself out, i more used it as a vehicle to dive head first into css and javascript which was what took up the bulk of the time of creation, the learning. The javascript is, emplys alot of listeners and adds the information into an object which is redorderd by the day which it is on allowing for the exercise program to be in day order. Each exercise can be ticked off one by one, and there is a delete button to allow for changes to the program whenever needed, additionally at the bottom of the exercsie list is a reset button which allows for the user to reset their program at the end of the week isntead of unmarking each exercise one by one. There are 2 main ways to improve the current program, they would be an edit button which would allow a person to change one portion of an exercise for example change the amount of reps they want to do instead of having to delete the whole input. additionaly a tracker so that whenever you mark off an exercise it would add it to another list which could be accesed which displays all the previous times you have done an exercise and at what weight so that you could see your gym progress over time. All in all im very happy with how it turned out, the design of the website in particular looks very professional in my opnion. Thank you cs50 for being the begining step of my journey into programing.